feat(iam): permission sets tem (#1421)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets.mdx

| ObservabilityFullAccess      | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete Observability                      |
| TransactionalEmailReadOnly   | List and read access to Transactional Email                                   |
| TransactionalEmailFullAccess | Full access to create, read, list, edit and delete Transactional Email                |

> | TransactionalEmailDomainReadOnly  |  Read access to domains in Transactional Email. Does not include permission on e-mails        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TransactionalEmailDomainReadOnly  |  Read access to domains in Transactional Email. Does not include permissions for e-mails        |
```

> | TransactionalEmailDomainFullAccess | Full access to domains in Transactional Email. Does not include permission on e-mails              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TransactionalEmailDomainFullAccess | Full access to domains in Transactional Email. Does not include permissions for e-mails              |
```

> | TransactionalEmailEmailReadOnly | Read access to e-mails in Transactional Email. Does not include permission on domain configuration               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TransactionalEmailEmailReadOnly | Read access to e-mails in Transactional Email. Does not include permissions for domain configuration               |
```

> | TransactionalEmailEmailFullAccess | Full access to e-mails in Transactional Email. Does not include permission on domain configuration              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TransactionalEmailEmailFullAccess | Full access to e-mails in Transactional Email. Does not include permissions for domain configuration              |
```
